Last updated Feb 15, 2021

INTRODUCTION
Limitless Minds (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile application. Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the App includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with our mobile application, or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the App, such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the App.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the App, such as your device name and type, your operating system, your phone number, your country, your likes and replies to a post, and other interactions with the application and other users via server log files, as well as any other information you choose to provide.
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the App. We store only very limited, if any, financial information that we collect. Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processor, Stripe, and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.
Mobile Device Data
Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile device.
Third-Party Data
Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Site permission to access this information.
Data From Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys
Personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways and/or responding to surveys.
Mobile Application Information
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, microphone, reminders, sensors, SMS messages, social media accounts, storage, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data. We may collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the Application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the mobile application to:
Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.
Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoena.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Create and manage your account.
Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the App to you.
Email you regarding your account or order.
Enable user-to-user communications.
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the App.
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the App more personalized.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the App.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the App.
Notify you of updates to the App.
Offer new products, services, and/or recommendations to you.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
Process payments and refunds.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the App
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
Respond to product and customer service requests.
Send you a newsletter.
Solicit support for the App.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the App, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs.
Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions or other content to the App, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the App in perpetuity.
Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the App. These companies may use information about your visits to the App and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We may use tracking technologies on the App to help customize the App and improve your experience. When you access the App, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Logging into your account settings and updating your account
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Emails and Communications
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:
Logging into your account settings and updating your preferences.
Contacting us using the contact information provided below.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the App, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the App. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the App, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.